it's time for what has become a mucho
anticipated annual tradition here every
year at the NBA Finals they have an
event called media day reporters from
all over and get a chance to talk to the
players and no reporter is more
celebrated than our own Guillermo who
wrote all the way to to file this all
star-studded report
[Music]
hi sneakier more I'm back here at the
NBA final how many time did the warrior
has been back straight to the final I
think this is five idea five years in a
row it's for me five for the Warriors
I've been back ten years two years okay
you can owe me three years in a row so
that made me twice better than you guys
yes yes work to do this yeah you know
you were back I'm back guess who's nose
back who's not bad
LeBron Doubront you okay so I want you
to sign this car for me so I want you to
can you sign it a car for me I give it
to him yeah yeah yeah we're best friends
save me a cigar lady all right Thank You
Man okay good luck man
do you miss that guy uh me no need a
bigger car Jenny go other thing
everyone's gonna fit in here
no are they where his car the smalls you
what do you think he's doing right now I
think uh I saw him wearing I think it
was Taco Tuesday the other day or
something I don't know I love tacos
me too it's time to go to cabeza tu
cabeza go Marc Gasol
[Music]
hi is it fun to be Canadian I'm not
Canadian no okay thank you very much
[Applause]
are you excited for our threesome
Oh what are you excited to have a
threesome you know you know when they
with a team win three years in a row
three-peat do you feel oh it's a
three-peat if you say please
oh it's not a threesome what is the
difference
next question are you excited for for
threesome for what what reason
three years in a row oh yeah reah
three-peat three-peat yeah but I'd be
excited for either one we're gonna do a
Canadian shot he did this is zero this
is maple syrup only a little bit too
much sugar
only a little bit me too I watching my
calories I think a little bit Oh Canada
Oh Canada how that tastes yeah maple
leaf how come Canada has a team and
makes you girls our team in the NBA
[Music]
hey that's the question you got to ask
for the top yeah but but I have a good
idea
I'm starting a team it's called Tijuana
pure ions you want to put forth a
Tijuana
Brian I know you all are my people and
we'll see what we can do I'm making a
basketball team because there's no
Mexican team in the NBA so look I'm
making the the Tijuana piranhas look
deep one you guys want to join Tijuana
is that a piranha yeah fish you want to
throw it you want to join the team
if they don't bring me back here I'm
definitely I'm on board man for sure
imagine you wanna piranha a word Allah
yeah that's pretty nice and I have time
we're gonna have a bullfight oh yeah
oh wow Aikido get to work oh no see pal
a massive specimen plus a follow me see
see no no I'm no I'm a join okay all
right how much time before we how much a
lot of money how much you won a lot of
pesos how much you wanted million pesos
well I see from the NBA final good luck
to everybody
see you at Ivana idea numero uno
assignment action basketball in a live
hot time bullfight
an extra I'm playing with Tijuana people
on up Uriah Tiana piranhas yes that the
wanna piranha a traditional and sellers
you're so NBA action fantastic today
order now
good cheat still available not the one
young arms Kyle Lowry the Marcus cousin
Danny Green Danny Trejo
I'm to the dollar tell you Baca Mario
Lopez catch piranha fever no habla
espanol
[Applause]
I am Jimmy Kimmel and this is the
Internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you liked it